As you can see, the world is changing in the age of AI, but are people and companies or governments preparing properly? KBS interviewed the vice president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, who visited Korea. I heard what kind of role people should consider in the world where AI will change and what kind of work they are preparing with Korean companies. I won't complain. Not on this visit. I mean, that's obviously a decision that Samsung will make. But we really do believe that AI can make the whole search experience better. In a sense, we're still searching in 2023 about the same way we did 20 years ago. We're still trying to figure out how to make the search experience better. So if we can persuade Samsung or others to provide a better service to people, I think we would be delighted to do that. Can you tell us more about your specific goal? Microsoft is really focused with OpenAI on creating what we call the AI supercomputing infrastructure. We provide the technology on which OpenAI builds these models. And then we provide the data centers, including in Korea, so that people are accessing them. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. Let me ask you a few questions about AI. First of all, will the era of technology help humanity or threaten humanity? The answer is that the impact on humanity is a double-edged sword. It all depends on how human beings use it. And I think our role is to identify where there are risks and put in safeguards or guardrails to protect against its abuse. Then what side effects are you worried about? AI is a machine. It's the job of us as humans to worry. It's my job, our job at Microsoft to worry. It's our job to hope. I think we should ask ourselves less about what we should stop doing and ask ourselves more what we need to start doing. I would much rather use the next six months to speed up work with governments, to identify how we get the best value out of this technology, how we improve schools and opportunities for students, how we use it to advance health care, how we put new rules in place. If we just stop for six months, I don't think the world's going to look very different in September or October than it does today. In a country with a high education rate like Korea, students and parents may be curious about this. AI answers all the questions, but what do they study for? Is it possible to free them from studying thanks to AI? But I'd first say step back. Forty years ago, calculators became popular. And some people said, oh, students will no longer need to learn math. The best students use calculators to get better at math, including many people here in Korea. Now do the same thing with AI. If you want to learn another language, like English, use AI to help you. What do you think is the area where Korean companies can gain strength? And specifically, do you have any plans to cooperate with Korean companies in this area? Because we do think AI is something that will enable them to continue to be even more successful, not just here at home, but really on a global basis. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.
